[docs] document sanitizers (#4365)
microsoft/LightGBM: docs/Installation-Guide.rst

It is possible to build LightGBM in debug mode. In this mode all compiler optimizations are disabled and LightGBM performs more checks internally. To enable debug mode you can add ``-DUSE_DEBUG=ON`` to CMake flags or choose ``Debug_*`` configuration (e.g. ``Debug_DLL``, ``Debug_mpi``) in Visual Studio depending on how you are building LightGBM.

.. _sanitizers:

In addition to the debug mode, LightGBM can be built with compiler sanitizers.

> To enable them add ``-DUSE_SANITIZER=ON -DENABLED_SANITIZERS="san_1;san_2;...;san_n"`` to CMake flags.
> ``san_1`` ... ``san_n`` can refer to the following supported sanitizers:

Reviewer: I was confused by this notation. I think it would be easier to use if we made this documentation copy-pastable (using the actual flag names).

```suggestion
To enable them add ``-DUSE_SANITIZER=ON -DENABLED_SANITIZERS="address;leak;undefined;thread"`` to CMake flags.
These values refer to the following supported sanitizers:
```
